Exercise. Installing the JDK on Windows
Exercise Objective.
In this exercise we'll proceed to
install the Java Development Kit.
We'll cover the process of downloading
and installing the JDK. Download the
JDK. Go to the next URL and download the
JDK, select the platform that correspond
to the operating system that you use. In
this case We select the windows x64
option. In step 2: Installing the JDK. Once
the file is downloaded we double-click
to open the Installer. The process is
very similar to any other operating
system. Installing the JDK: The Installer
opens and click on Next
Next we'll see the installation path of
the JDK. Here, you can modify it, but we'll
leave the default values and click on
next. We wait for the installation to
finish. As part of the JDK (Java
Development Kit) installation the JRE
Java Runtime Environment will be
installed too. Here you can change the
installation path, but we leave the
default values and click on Next. We wait
for the Java Runtime environment
installation to finish. Click on Close
and we conclude the installation of the
JDK and Java Runtime Environment (JRE). In this
exercise we have installed the Java
Development Kit (JDK) and the Java Runtime
Environment (JRE) in order to use the Java
language in our computer. For more
details of Java installation on other
platforms or operating systems you can
check the next link :)